2: as we expected , on the following day my uncle was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning .
12: he also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , the new yorker , for instance , or esquire .
13: it is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic orderings of material and psychological experience were abandoned .
21: `` you are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' .
26: there is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile .
29: he might not have gone that far if pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house .
36: his history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it .
41: she was too young , that was all ; ;
43: that upsets me more than anything .
45: the senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions .
48: a gross boy in his teens , shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; ;
62: structurally , the u.n. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it .
63: the first question is : would i like to live here ? ?
66: finally , as time began to run out , he headed into ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that intelligence had thought might contain japanese supplies .
68: that and her death .
72: the proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) .
74: there are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems .
82: `` i like them things , too '' , he had said .
89: you should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .
90: the cost didn't matter .
99: swears she recognized his voice , that tim yelled , ' it's my money and i want it ' ! !
100: saami's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 teen hunter club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young americans .
103: in particular against a madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according to gossip , upon the painter's mistress .
106: but as he remarks in his preface to the walnut trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be rewritten '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' .
118: both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
119: `` but i couldn't do that , even if i were home '' ! !
124: at the same time reaction among anti-organization democratic leaders and in the liberal party to the mayor's reported plan was generally favorable .
132: fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderful '' ? ?
133: he saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him .
143: but this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the westerner mistakes it .
144: these striking , modernistic buildings on the east river are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available .
145: but mr. kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting , provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it .
146: he will take over his new post jan. 1 .
147: that could be easily done , but there is little reason in it .
148: and he didn't have any clothes on '' .
155: yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of christianity would be impossible .
156: when the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by sen. george parkhouse of dallas .
169: although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' .
179: `` penny's always glad to see me over there '' , he mused bleakly .
183: our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance .
191: from 1613 on , if the lists exist , they contain between twenty to thirty names .
193: `` you take it easy , boy '' , clayton whispered .
203: but dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy .
206: i suppose the same emotion holds , if to a lesser degree , with any famous monument .
210: but worth waiting for .
212: `` listen to me , jorge , i've had enough to your sassing .
216: boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ;
227: let's do that '' .
232: the world production of familiar seed nuts -- almonds , brazil nuts , filberts , and the english walnuts -- totals about 300 thousand tons annually .
233: geocentricism per se ? ?
238: what if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly , coolly , decide to clobber the russians ? ?
248: the belly dance leaves more to the imagination .
249: any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests .
254: graduates of this maid's school are much in demand and can always find work immediately .
259: that would mock me too much ! !
261: of a more alive time .
263: and over 66 per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all .
268: today dogtown is the only deserted village in all new england that i know of .
281: it is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the south .
284: after a dinner party for which she had come down to new york , mrs. lewis and casanova arrived to see them off , and elinor wylie made tart observations that indicated that lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation .
285: i can't go in .
290: at least she never knew what the bottom was like '' .
299: the statement is often made that when bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the christian faith '' .
300: her conclusion has been borne out in the experience of many practitioners : `` short-contact interviewing is neither a truncated nor a telescoped experience but is of the same essential quality as the so-called intensive case work '' .
302: that was tom's weakness ; ;
310: or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth or shall hereafter come to birth , that here , with dust upon his eyes , iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .
313: `` yes , i'm still all covered with that soap .
319: don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes , or seasonal .
321: none should ask less .
324: adios '' , i said , exhausting my spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my host's daughters .
331: however , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum .
337: haney felt like shrinking out of sight , but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry , dark little man .
339: everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless .
349: it may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene , but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around .
