17: `` i wouldn't even want it to get around '' .
18: i won't be long '' .
27: i think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' .
60: before you let loose a howl saying we announced its coming , not once but several times , indeed we did .
67: `` not quite '' .
68: that and her death .
79: the only thing unusual about the old man had long since happened .
81: we find it in plato's republic , and in utopia more acknowledges his debt to that book .
96: yet he must chance it .
136: at the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light , but crisp texture .
155: yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of christianity would be impossible .
160: mayor robert f. wagner must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office .
163: `` i wasn't planning on jumping you .
214: orlick shakes his hand at pip , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenched hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and pip observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' .
229: such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists ; ;
234: some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age , or even more .
267: `` you can't go in that way '' ! !
269: our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries .
270: and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 .
274: it is a simple matter , for one so disposed , to take a work like the sane society and shred it into odds and ends .
286: then he knew it was not sound , but lack of it .
288: because of the recent death of the bride's father , frederick b. hamm , the marriage of miss terry hamm to john bruce parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in st. bernadine's church , forest park .
292: a weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' .
