387: the shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of maine .
445: the argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ;
503: on the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
512: my double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ) , and although it compares well in other respects , it's considerably heavier than the deerstalker , which only scales about 6-1/2 pounds .
706: microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , pectoralis major , transversus abdominis , biceps brachii , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers .
2047: as long as the congregation regards the church as `` our '' church , or the minister thinks of it as `` my '' church , just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance .
2342: the company of the indies promised to send over a supply of indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins .
2748: as one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values .
3265: in most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent .
3542: jean fardulli's blue angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the twist .
3798: then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in back to methuselah -- , -- `` g.b.s. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` i look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that i can have nothing more to do with them '' .
3915: and in her forthright way , henrietta , who in her story of sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which morris jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of dr. wise of hebrew union college -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
4815: he was plenty attentive , all right , but he behaved like a gentleman , and i figured that , emotionally , i was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half .
5736: the last-named is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much .
5745: however , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces .
6337: `` one of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in july and i leaped out of sleep and out of bed .
6825: `` well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' .
6827: if , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; ;
6993: about this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough .
7353: i knew that i'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at union news or schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open .
7765: he was named pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either .
7785: and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface .
8009: as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
8054: fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution , with filles de joie from all over the country flocking to san antonio , laredo , and el paso to `` woman the cribs '' .
8148: i myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as sandwich glass .
9272: finally , if the mission of the trial was to convict anti-semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the final solution was aided by native jew-haters -- i.e. , germany , poland , hungary , czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- denmark , holland , italy , bulgaria , france ? ?
9418: the assumptions upon which the example shown in figure 3 is based are : ( a ) one man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. .
10380: everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them '' .
10979: the average congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name .
11092: instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- i hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in fort lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .
11157: there sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not .
11212: south viet nam has received $1,450,000,000 in united states aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since vice president lyndon b. johnson's visit last may .
11284: writing to his colleague george herbert palmer -- `` glorious old palmer '' , as he addresses him -- james says that if only the students at harvard could really understand royce , santayana , palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe .
11605: cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut .
11676: even so , it took her several days to force walter to tell her nicolas's whereabouts .
11690: but i suspect that the old roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which tacitus was talking about when he said , `` they make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' .
12718: it was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance , as thin as the seams on her stockings , and still thinner .
13289: `` for six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' .
13437: care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible .
