9: he ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as `` seduction '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of wedlock '' .
676: despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of mccarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating .
866: ) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet .
1176: the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent .
1305: intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community , as in the case of this population .
1323: since laos is of no more purely military value to moscow itself than it is to washington , this approach might be expected to head off mr. khrushchev for the moment .
2490: like eliot , in my fantasies , i had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , i would lead jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love .
3153: moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length brumidi allowed for each one of his .
3304: there was a moral of sorts in the laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts .
3334: the effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process .
3586: `` there was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' --
3803: those three other great activities of the persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .
3913: he had learned to dispute devastatingly , both formally and informally in latin , and according to the rules on any topic , pro or con , drawn from almost any subject , more especially from aristotle's works .
4979: the commission on race and housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the american population '' .
5069: in she has it in for george dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center .
5582: my enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as `` reactionary '' , `` robber baroness '' , and even `` traitor '' ! !
5642: the pessimism of the young is defiant , anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom , and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth .
5799: yet it is not only europe the play refers to .
5816: morals aside , the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him .
5978: and the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened .
6590: she had surprised hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when i came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and hans was holding it angrily by the throat .
7879: it was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that i could feel my way , accustomed as i was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days .
8130: `` we could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and chris said you were to be careful about that '' .
8168: one need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in american life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
8512: but in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to .
8528: spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black , navy and taffy tan .
8909: a publicity release from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff .
8931: allied arts then notified us that the kirov would cut short its los angeles booking , fly here to open nov. 28 , and close dec. 2 .
9265: the rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the agreement will be used for loans to be made by the export-import bank of washington under section 104 ( e ) of the agricultural trade development and assistance act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the act ) , and for administrative expenses of the export-import bank of washington in india incident thereto .
9811: chapter 8 , is entitled `` on magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` one has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces .
9828: to port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet .
9872: near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of fall-in and close-up '' .
11253: just as p'lite an -- an cohnfidunt , an ah says ' uh coahse you cain't ' , but he says ' whah nawt , you ah hevin one ' ? ?
12324: one had to manage the given subjects , three diverse recent events , so as to make them part of a classical frieze , -- that is , a pattern of large figures filling the space , with not much else , against a blank background .
12849: `` that's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes .
12963: one learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one , a quality which sounds somehow artificial or , in some instances , parrot-like .
13540: the car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in sante fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue .
13617: all that day and monday i drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space .
13795: then the monk praised yang shan saying : `` i have come over to china in order to worship manjucri , and met unexpectedly with minor shakya '' , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from india , went back through the air .
