47: the chinese , north vietnamese and north koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with china attacking formosa and the north koreans and north vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries .
755: another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of tolley's .
2189: she had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` tristan und isolde '' , `` candide '' , `` oklahoma '' , `` nozze de figaro '' , the atomic age singers , eileen farrell , elvis presley and geraldine todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the venusians , capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the altairians .
3391: washington evidently was anxious for morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on may 17th , 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert .
6384: after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest .
8021: with due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at onset and completion , for this particular epiphysis .
8809: these headquarters engineers , headed by the vice-president -- engineering , counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design ; ;
8955: according to his own testimony , he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous `` blots '' of color of a more or less indefinite size ; ;
10322: aside from boris himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture .
10775: she took postgraduate work at the university of grenoble in france and then returned to london to work on market research with an advertising firm .
10860: as the new south snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the north -- a tendency which willard thorp terms `` yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as charlotte , birmingham , and houston .
12446: a vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading .
12791: and , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face .
12878: for him mercer produced the lyric to `` out of breath scared to death of you '' , introduced in that most successful of all the gaieties , by sterling holloway .
13146: it follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the continent by fritz buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in american and english theology .
14175: yet general suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north , northwest .
