424: in connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder u. s. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on leesona's business in the next few years .
8034: while women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient martyrdom , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one .
8333: eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` you're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when i had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow .
8347: micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold .
8494: supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group .
8550: the six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to colorado , virginia , and california as well as to the south pacific and to russia .
11768: the department of agriculture averaged out u.s. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million americans that john kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
11964: in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens .
13594: within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the jews depend upon which jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act .
16850: the one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money .
17653: in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
18158: at 3:57 a.m. , with the plane about twenty minutes out of el paso , passenger robert berry , a san antonio advertising man , glanced up and saw the man and boy , accompanied by a stewardess , walking up the aisle toward the cockpit .
18809: at the same time , i am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ;
21345: the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .
21489: on the morning following the pratt hall meeting the editor of the providence daily journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely .
22291: each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , porter's camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play .
23332: time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives .
25200: when different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. .
25301: with meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy u.s. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says dr. keys , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease .
25336: and then i remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to rome i had heard her boast , over and over again , `` on the boat people liked me for myself '' .
25547: more and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to tillie's and nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies .
25907: this isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in america cannot chin themselves once , and that english school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ) .
26129: erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .
26145: my father went as a missionary to china in a generation that responded to student volunteer movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them .
27733: they love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball .
27776: for the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read bartleby the scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else .
27905: or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period .
28677: in their very first collages , braque and picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .
28711: initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
29017: in reply , deputy police commissioner howard r. leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees .
30107: that is , if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him , the total experimental score falls .
30491: these plans , like du pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on du pont's general motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du pont , christiana , and delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .
32266: that is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
35215: that is , there was no trace of anglo-saxons in britain as early as the late third century , to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the saxon shore forts was beginning to point .
40800: ritter , the builder , is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and meters .
41070: and if you're as flat broke as i am , i think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' .
42145: too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` hey lookit mr. america ; ;
42165: or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to starkey poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` i think i'm pregnant '' .
44572: it was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room , paint in the painting room , play with blocks in the block house , and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time .
45982: `` well , i might not get that far '' , i told them , `` as actually i have no papers to enter germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to france once i leave '' .
47211: mr. nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our department of state , and an american president observes sourly that sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' .
51240: that she was affected by his protestations seems obvious , but since she was evidently a sensible young woman -- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type -- it would seem that for her the word friendship had a far less intense emotional significance than that which thompson gave it .
