981: it truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old british and french forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record .
1251: but when tiny , 145-pound albert gregory pearson of the los angeles angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous .
2089: he began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming , and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries .
2549: i had long since begun to lose my general innocence when i lost my trust in you , but this special innocence i lost before ever i loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .
7070: this is well evidenced by the quietist doctrines carried over in zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the infinite , with the tao -- could be effected .
7996: perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. oscar j. beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of mr. brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled brown & sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
8456: the movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .
9088: yet britain in the nineteenth century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be reprinted up to the very present .
10670: in an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , mr. wagner talked by telephone yesterday with representative charles a. buckley , the bronx democratic leader , and with joseph t. sharkey , the brooklyn democratic leader .
11068: the march gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter .
12056: it suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds .
13197: there is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his .
13865: it seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision .
14273: his bill , allegedly aimed at hoffa , would amend the sherman , clayton and norris-laguardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international .
16093: and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
16965: he succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back .
18488: basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .
19023: and i have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up north because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town .
20474: about all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
22424: even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into bear valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains .
23614: in all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence .
23925: one is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there , left for our century to finish .
34104: probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months .
35858: jones relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the confederate army , while jones and his raiders turned toward buckhannon to join forces with imboden .
36142: it is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the national association of real estate boards ( nareb ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure .
41006: she stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for lucretia to come with her guests .
45218: `` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have subscribed to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the hon'ble general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , praying for an act incorporating into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at malden bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
46963: that fall he submitted to professor baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home .
49728: and the automobiles that stream out of hanover each weekend , toward smith and wellesley and mount holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving cambridge or west philadelphia .
53098: choreographed by mr. nagrin , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first new york showing of miss tamiris' `` once upon a time '' as well as her `` women's song '' and mr. nagrin's `` indeterminate figure '' .
