3261: ( 1 ) as far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do .
7315: but there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of aab/ when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal .
12331: bad relations between england and flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded flemish cities , and while the english , so far , had done no more than grumble , othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the low countries the citizens of ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued .
12684: ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` what christ means to me '' , `` what the church means to me '' , `` why join the church '' , `` the duties of church members '' , etc. .
16152: with respect to article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) : uses of section 104 ( e ) and section 104 ( g ) rupees : the government of india will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the united states pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the united states and the authorized representatives of the government of india , in the following sectors : a .
18281: then goodbody will hand over a minimum of $15.5 million for developing the spacious graves tract to house the center .
23561: again , i at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication , and i quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak , with such utter conviction , of an opinion held by my father , now several years deceased .
24581: instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , miss schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
25676: these amendments to the vocational rehabilitation act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness .
34685: then he called in his friend walton and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the president .
41061: no matter how many americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .
46110: by the time felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats .
46689: these forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers .
48219: time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
48281: by that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces .
49544: when i first came across samuel johnson's pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths .
54842: ) well , anyhow , dogtown common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only sunday picnickers still stray up there , from time to time .
