24:"and he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better ."
38:"never a `` quick study '' , he now made no attempt to learn his `` lines '' and many a mile of film was wasted , many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty , forty , fifty times because miss poitrine's co-star and `` helpmate '' had never learned his part ."
58:"in medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar ."
59:"but curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country ."
69:"`` you are looking tired and there you can rest ."
70:"this , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : the 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , george herman ( babe ) ruth of the yankees ."
75:"it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume ."
84:"let's make sure first '' ."
85:"he was wide awake , but he did not feel like doing anything ."
95:"it has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this ."
109:"these would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes ."
128:"the lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- thayer , like himself , madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to ."
165:"neither did he care that aunt rose provided for him ."
178:"and one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up ."
199:"for larger plantings , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating ."
209:"not that linda was heartless , not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than john cooper would ."
213:"pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on seven -- he'd had a case of post-operative shock , but it was all taken care of now ."
220:"harold clurman is right to say that `` waiting for godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the impasse and disarray of europe's present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' ."
223:"`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- i coulda let her go go '' -- his eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;"
275:"the aid has undertaken the redecoration of the white house library as a project in connection with the work being done by first lady jacqueline kennedy's fine arts advisory committee to secure antiques for the presidential home ."
277:"there is no justification for systematizing the random statements of irenaeus about the image of god beyond this , nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of god ( humanity ) and the similitude of god ( immortality ) ."
301:"pat saw gyp carmer staggering forward , a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike ."
303:"it might be rough on edythe at first , but linda and john between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her , to send her back to cleveland or anywhere ."
304:"whether in prose or poetry , all of heidenstam's later work was concerned with sweden ."
329:"i must have written to say how much i had enjoyed his fine book the building of eternal rome , and i found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later latin poets , although in my final examination i had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of propertius and coleridge ."
338:"houston police got to know diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring ."
347:"it won't open from inside ."
351:"perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks ."
354:"he looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the tate gallery on a thursday once ."
369:"her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong ."
390:"i started my tour of them at the turkish government tourist office , next to pan american's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the hilton hotel ."
394:"amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her ."
401:"he didn't have to telephone ."
404:"from l'turu , i heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations ."
412:"`` does any sane democrat believe that mr. hearst , a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues , without a word or act in the public life of his country , past or present , that can be shown to be his to commend him , could by any possibility be elected president of the united states ? ?"
419:"what is new and compelling is that the west is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the west ."
421:"promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance ."
431:"beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot state share , with maximum and minimum state shares of 50% and 30% , respectively ."
433:"it would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put ."
458:"the outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer ."
464:"it is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the negro ."
498:"`` no divinity will hold still for that ."
510:"he should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements ."
515:"an excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone : `` doctor , please come over right away ."
522:"modern westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material , largely because in the west the historical trend has been to deny the connection ."
527:"thanks '' , was her answer the next day ."
533:"it takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the new year , for any good purpose ."
544:"by themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet , but without them there would be very little left worth saving ."
551:"it had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar ."
553:"by relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone ."
560:"alison was still sound asleep ; ;"
564:"palmer's 281 for the four rounds at augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with coe ."
596:"to find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery ."
605:"he went on to say : `` in the first place , industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of foundering municipalities ."
618:"ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities ."
635:"the statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life ."
671:"we would all meet at ten o'clock at the kehl bridge , five miles from strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into germany ."
707:"if anyone thought of the john harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the john harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried ."
725:"determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment ."
748:"again , henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a stoic thinker like marcus aurelius , whose gentle acquiescence is almost christian , comparable to the patience expressed in milton's sonnet on his own blindness ."
753:"the opening scene shows this method at its most individual ."
754:"more than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis ."
758:"the data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-c which contain no adsorbed water ."
763:"this use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 ."
771:"these cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring ."
772:"this will be more or less our general method for the second problem ."
800:"the reason was to speed up domestic production in the ussr , which khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in russian living standards ."
802:"except that no state shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% ."
805:"while 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and jimmy cruise has several that can really make it ."
831:"i didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful ."
833:"my father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year ."
836:"thus burns's `` my love is like a red , red rose '' and hopkins' `` the thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned ."
846:"`` the human ego being what it is '' , i put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats ."
852:"you want from me the story , but a story is about ' why ' and then , perhaps , about how ."
882:"and the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive , even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music ."
883:"in the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale ."
912:"the existing reverence for centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century b.c. , when the han emperor wu ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the center among the traditional five directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences ."
920:"he believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there ."
924:"the functional interplay of philosophy and science should , as a minimum , guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making ."
926:"secretary hart had taught jack , at least partially , to be content with small beginnings in all diplomatic matters ; ;"
946:"while i respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that i would like to question ."
952:"she was then trained on the trot until december 29 , hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again ."
963:"on the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter ."
968:"daniel forbes , her divorced husband , lived there ."
982:"in fact , hudson's sail up the great north river had disposed of one of the last hopes ."
1001:"canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the nato locomotive ."
1002:"the ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm ."
1027:"because , if for no other reason , willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs ."
1034:"carl , who was stationed in appleton , wisconsin , organizing for the social democrats , was in berger's office and made it his business to escort paula to the streetcar ."
1040:"her mother called her paus'l , a luxemburg endearment meaning `` pussycat '' ."
1048:"after well broken and equipped with 12-oz. shoes on behind , bare-footed in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , delvin , driving ."
1073:"the college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication , even informal debates over the luncheon table , are a contribution to the total good of the institution ."
1098:"before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy , and insects hummed and birds occasionally called ."
1103:"the effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations ."
1118:"you can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation ."
1148:"there i got off , crossed the square , and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant , hard to come by in this part of the city ."
1159:"the activities of the planning division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the development council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning ."
1168:"it is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs , and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green , black-tipped little scale ."
1170:"the skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which , jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the angel's life and religion ."
1184:"it is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed ."
