39:"a friend of mine in new mexico said the court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell ."
168:"but before discussing it , i should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case ."
244:"today , according to land economist homer hoyt , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's central business districts put together ."
372:"in each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents ."
385:"it says that `` in the event congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the state board of education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises ."
403:"this section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition ."
415:"`` it's quite possible there's more than codfish down there , man '' , poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for elaine ."
499:"she had come to make her peace with the past , and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow ."
583:"finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species ."
646:"if , in a certain part of the range , it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants , and reaches maturity at , let us guess , 18 inches longer than the others , a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet ."
652:"sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` this soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' ."
698:"( page 33 ) on the other hand , a little later on he says : `` since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out god's beard and the devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes ."
743:"the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air i breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic ."
812:"if such is the case , the particles within a distance of about af of the earth will have , relative to the earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the earth ."
984:"the west may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that u thant represents ."
1026:"a quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old new amsterdam theater , n.y. ."
1149:"tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone ."
1188:"despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca. 450 ) influx of germans as the type of invasions ."
1200:"out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing -- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape ."
1260:"in any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area ."
1261:"but the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the state exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' ."
1307:"he expressed surprise to learn that pretty , blonde patricia holbrook , 16 , of mount rainier , had attended the joseph p. kennedy school for the handicapped in boston ."
1360:"another yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer : `` now i lay me down to sleep , the gray-backs o'er my body creep ; ;"
1371:"in the steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in i looked up the number and i looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second ."
1395:"when the achaeans entertained wednesday last at their annual carnival masquerade ball , miss margaret pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the muncipal auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were misses clayton nairne , eleanor eustis , lynn chapman , irwin leatherman of robinsonville , miss. and helene rowley ."
1411:"milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand ."
1459:"no , they could kill him just as easy right now ."
1533:"-- although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate ."
1549:"at the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program ."
1576:"stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him ."
1621:"all the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content ."
1697:"this epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost selkirk ab1,040 ."
1805:"they emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the british professional , major semple-lisle -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' ."
1809:"then via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had ellen , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did i want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning ."
1830:"the new city charter , which should get a yes vote as question no. 1 on nov. 7 , would not make a good mayor out of a bad one ."
1870:"all this remembering took place the other night when i had supper with the ziegfeld girls at the beverly hills club ."
1880:"this behavior on her part subsided only after i had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if i owned her room ."
1912:"after a short time , both george and donald joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the brush-off reading out to work ."
1923:"this includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports ."
1944:"it was a cadillac , black grayed with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled ."
1977:"what that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached christianity by the way of stoicism through the church fathers of late antiquity ."
2070:"command's new brahms second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one ."
2099:"she felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed ."
2123:"sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning ."
2184:"graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight , wiry frame , he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college , to which he himself referred in prolusion 6 : :"
2250:"kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him ."
2270:"when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected ."
2321:"be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling ."
2322:"statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one ."
2327:"he would go in there , climb through the window , and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest ."
2370:"to the average american , this must sound like an incredible tale from a saturday night tv movie ."
2380:"they quote about the same mass threshold as that of the u.s. apparatus , but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater ."
2444:"on delving deeper , walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' ."
2458:"my man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the swim and tan motel ."
2506:"going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs ."
2557:"new obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 ."
2651:"from international airport in los angeles to international airport in houston , as the great four-jet boeing 707 flies , is a routine five hours and 25 minutes , including stopovers at phoenix , el paso , and san antonio ."
2653:"hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; ;"
2707:"i don't even own the house i'm standing in ."
2745:"place clay piece a inside ; ;"
2754:"only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind ."
2757:"first of all , as we had surmised , the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( af ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools ."
2851:"one means to help the birds occurs to me : let the chimes that ring over washington square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one ."
2852:"`` neither better nor worse '' ."
2966:"rep. charles e. hughes of sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' ."
3063:"but when the situation was so complicated that even nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause ."
3090:"maclean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions ."
3100:"the panel's action depends on the return of representative james w. trimble , democrat of arkansas , who has been siding with speaker sam rayburn's forces in the rules committee in moving bills to the floor ."
3127:"there his vote , along with those of chairman howard smith , the courtly virginia judge , and the four republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the rayburn-johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) ."
3136:"both i and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which i now am ."
3143:"it was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there ."
3281:"the music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within ."
3325:"as for coming back here -- well , i'll tell you the truth , i didn't even know where i was when i came to ."
3326:"as it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` come and get it '' ."
3372:"many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the so-far losing battle to block token integration ."
3396:"others , less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times , experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet , painter , and musician ."
3567:"a unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command congressional support ."
3710:"crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the arcades , massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege ."
3791:"the part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` it could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;"
3836:"during early childhood boys tease and bully , on the average , more than girls ; ;"
3861:"a more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' ."
3916:"the orioles got a run in the first inning when breeding , along with robinson , the two birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on russ snyder's single to right and crossed on kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate ."
4001:"otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction ."
4005:"all this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it ."
4026:"that is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime white ."
4077:"finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next fuhrer ."
4090:"the jury asked judge cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter ."
4117:"an aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under ."
4131:"it might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs ."
4140:"joyce went on , `` when we'd finished , lou -- mr. thor -- asked me to stay a little longer ."
4153:"he stared at the report in killpath's hand , sure it was written by accacia -- just as sure as if he'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand ."
4274:"it appears possible to set a lower limit of about af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form af radical ."
4401:"a process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long ."
4413:"proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over communism is but a means ."
4522:"the unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in ."
4547:"on the contrary , even in the heart of `` the bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world ."
4665:"in six years , u.s. aid had amounted to more than $1.60 for each american -- a total of three hundred million dollars ."
4732:"a volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as i remained at the bridge ."
4841:"that done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant ."
4855:"pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns ."
