9:"he ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as `` seduction '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of wedlock '' ."
47:"the chinese , north vietnamese and north koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with china attacking formosa and the north koreans and north vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries ."
387:"the shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of maine ."
445:"the argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ;"
503:"on the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on ."
512:"my double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ) , and although it compares well in other respects , it's considerably heavier than the deerstalker , which only scales about 6-1/2 pounds ."
676:"despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of mccarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating ."
706:"microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , pectoralis major , transversus abdominis , biceps brachii , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers ."
755:"another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of tolley's ."
824:"he could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his pennsylvania county or a church in brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values ."
866:") has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet ."
911:"the recovery will probably be sparked by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit , as well as by an expansion of government spending , well sustained consumer spending , and some rebuilding of business inventories ."
1176:"the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent ."
1305:"intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community , as in the case of this population ."
1323:"since laos is of no more purely military value to moscow itself than it is to washington , this approach might be expected to head off mr. khrushchev for the moment ."
2047:"as long as the congregation regards the church as `` our '' church , or the minister thinks of it as `` my '' church , just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance ."
2101:"there is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon ."
2189:"she had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` tristan und isolde '' , `` candide '' , `` oklahoma '' , `` nozze de figaro '' , the atomic age singers , eileen farrell , elvis presley and geraldine todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the venusians , capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the altairians ."
2342:"the company of the indies promised to send over a supply of indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins ."
2490:"like eliot , in my fantasies , i had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , i would lead jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love ."
2748:"as one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values ."
3153:"moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length brumidi allowed for each one of his ."
3265:"in most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent ."
3304:"there was a moral of sorts in the laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts ."
3334:"the effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process ."
3391:"washington evidently was anxious for morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on may 17th , 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert ."
3542:"jean fardulli's blue angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the twist ."
3586:"`` there was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' --"
3798:"then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in back to methuselah -- , -- `` g.b.s. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` i look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that i can have nothing more to do with them '' ."
3803:"those three other great activities of the persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches ."
3913:"he had learned to dispute devastatingly , both formally and informally in latin , and according to the rules on any topic , pro or con , drawn from almost any subject , more especially from aristotle's works ."
3915:"and in her forthright way , henrietta , who in her story of sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which morris jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of dr. wise of hebrew union college -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything ."
4815:"he was plenty attentive , all right , but he behaved like a gentleman , and i figured that , emotionally , i was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half ."
4979:"the commission on race and housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the american population '' ."
5069:"in she has it in for george dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center ."
5139:"`` we won't live long enough if i wait for you , besides which you don't need to worry -- there'll be plenty more '' ."
5582:"my enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as `` reactionary '' , `` robber baroness '' , and even `` traitor '' ! !"
5642:"the pessimism of the young is defiant , anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom , and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth ."
5736:"the last-named is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much ."
5745:"however , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces ."
5799:"yet it is not only europe the play refers to ."
5816:"morals aside , the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him ."
5978:"and the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened ."
6132:"to serenissimus such tribes as the cossacks of the don or those ex-bandits the zaporogian cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower dnieper the polish novelist sienkiewicz would one day place with fire and sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the black sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the czarina's territorial claims against turkey ."
6337:"`` one of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in july and i leaped out of sleep and out of bed ."
6384:"after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest ."
6590:"she had surprised hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when i came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and hans was holding it angrily by the throat ."
6660:"these differences in turn result from the fact that my yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of english meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that hoijer's vocabulary is based on swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined ."
6825:"`` well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' ."
6827:"if , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; ;"
6993:"about this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough ."
7353:"i knew that i'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at union news or schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open ."
7765:"he was named pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either ."
7785:"and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface ."
7879:"it was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that i could feel my way , accustomed as i was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days ."
8009:"as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' ."
8021:"with due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at onset and completion , for this particular epiphysis ."
8054:"fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution , with filles de joie from all over the country flocking to san antonio , laredo , and el paso to `` woman the cribs '' ."
8130:"`` we could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and chris said you were to be careful about that '' ."
8148:"i myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as sandwich glass ."
8168:"one need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in american life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself ."
8512:"but in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to ."
8528:"spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black , navy and taffy tan ."
8809:"these headquarters engineers , headed by the vice-president -- engineering , counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design ; ;"
8909:"a publicity release from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff ."
8931:"allied arts then notified us that the kirov would cut short its los angeles booking , fly here to open nov. 28 , and close dec. 2 ."
8955:"according to his own testimony , he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous `` blots '' of color of a more or less indefinite size ; ;"
9265:"the rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the agreement will be used for loans to be made by the export-import bank of washington under section 104 ( e ) of the agricultural trade development and assistance act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the act ) , and for administrative expenses of the export-import bank of washington in india incident thereto ."
9272:"finally , if the mission of the trial was to convict anti-semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the final solution was aided by native jew-haters -- i.e. , germany , poland , hungary , czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- denmark , holland , italy , bulgaria , france ? ?"
9418:"the assumptions upon which the example shown in figure 3 is based are : ( a ) one man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. ."
9811:"chapter 8 , is entitled `` on magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` one has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces ."
9828:"to port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet ."
9872:"near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of fall-in and close-up '' ."
10322:"aside from boris himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture ."
10380:"everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them '' ."
10775:"she took postgraduate work at the university of grenoble in france and then returned to london to work on market research with an advertising firm ."
10860:"as the new south snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the north -- a tendency which willard thorp terms `` yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as charlotte , birmingham , and houston ."
10979:"the average congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name ."
11092:"instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- i hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in fort lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex ."
11157:"there sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not ."
11212:"south viet nam has received $1,450,000,000 in united states aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since vice president lyndon b. johnson's visit last may ."
11253:"just as p'lite an -- an cohnfidunt , an ah says ' uh coahse you cain't ' , but he says ' whah nawt , you ah hevin one ' ? ?"
11284:"writing to his colleague george herbert palmer -- `` glorious old palmer '' , as he addresses him -- james says that if only the students at harvard could really understand royce , santayana , palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe ."
11605:"cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut ."
11676:"even so , it took her several days to force walter to tell her nicolas's whereabouts ."
11690:"but i suspect that the old roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which tacitus was talking about when he said , `` they make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' ."
12324:"one had to manage the given subjects , three diverse recent events , so as to make them part of a classical frieze , -- that is , a pattern of large figures filling the space , with not much else , against a blank background ."
12446:"a vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading ."
12718:"it was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance , as thin as the seams on her stockings , and still thinner ."
12791:"and , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face ."
12849:"`` that's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes ."
12878:"for him mercer produced the lyric to `` out of breath scared to death of you '' , introduced in that most successful of all the gaieties , by sterling holloway ."
12963:"one learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one , a quality which sounds somehow artificial or , in some instances , parrot-like ."
13146:"it follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the continent by fritz buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in american and english theology ."
13289:"`` for six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' ."
13437:"care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible ."
13540:"the car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in sante fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue ."
13617:"all that day and monday i drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space ."
13795:"then the monk praised yang shan saying : `` i have come over to china in order to worship manjucri , and met unexpectedly with minor shakya '' , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from india , went back through the air ."
14175:"yet general suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north , northwest ."
