424:"in connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder u. s. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on leesona's business in the next few years ."
981:"it truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old british and french forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record ."
1251:"but when tiny , 145-pound albert gregory pearson of the los angeles angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous ."
1316:"scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the greek chole , meaning bile , and sterios , meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells , since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight ."
2089:"he began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming , and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries ."
2549:"i had long since begun to lose my general innocence when i lost my trust in you , but this special innocence i lost before ever i loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love ."
3261:"( 1 ) as far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do ."
7070:"this is well evidenced by the quietist doctrines carried over in zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the infinite , with the tao -- could be effected ."
7315:"but there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of aab/ when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal ."
7945:"in `` my song's young virgin date '' , for example , thompson wrote : `` yea , she that had my song's young virgin date not now , alas , that noble singular she , i nobler hold , though marred from her once state , than others in their best integrity ."
7996:"perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. oscar j. beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of mr. brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled brown & sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world ."
8034:"while women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient martyrdom , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one ."
8333:"eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` you're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when i had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow ."
8347:"micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold ."
8456:"the movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present ."
8494:"supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group ."
8550:"the six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to colorado , virginia , and california as well as to the south pacific and to russia ."
9088:"yet britain in the nineteenth century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be reprinted up to the very present ."
10670:"in an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , mr. wagner talked by telephone yesterday with representative charles a. buckley , the bronx democratic leader , and with joseph t. sharkey , the brooklyn democratic leader ."
11068:"the march gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter ."
11768:"the department of agriculture averaged out u.s. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million americans that john kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day ."
11964:"in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens ."
12056:"it suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds ."
12331:"bad relations between england and flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded flemish cities , and while the english , so far , had done no more than grumble , othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the low countries the citizens of ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued ."
12684:"ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` what christ means to me '' , `` what the church means to me '' , `` why join the church '' , `` the duties of church members '' , etc. ."
13197:"there is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his ."
13594:"within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the jews depend upon which jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act ."
13865:"it seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision ."
14273:"his bill , allegedly aimed at hoffa , would amend the sherman , clayton and norris-laguardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international ."
16093:"and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies ."
16152:"with respect to article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) : uses of section 104 ( e ) and section 104 ( g ) rupees : the government of india will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the united states pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the united states and the authorized representatives of the government of india , in the following sectors : a ."
16850:"the one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money ."
16965:"he succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back ."
17653:"in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award ."
18158:"at 3:57 a.m. , with the plane about twenty minutes out of el paso , passenger robert berry , a san antonio advertising man , glanced up and saw the man and boy , accompanied by a stewardess , walking up the aisle toward the cockpit ."
18281:"then goodbody will hand over a minimum of $15.5 million for developing the spacious graves tract to house the center ."
18488:"basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones ."
18809:"at the same time , i am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ;"
19023:"and i have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up north because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town ."
20474:"about all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book ."
21345:"the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting ."
21489:"on the morning following the pratt hall meeting the editor of the providence daily journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely ."
21868:"hank foiles , backed up by frank house who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the birds had all last year , but gus is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant ."
22170:"once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present ."
22291:"each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , porter's camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play ."
22424:"even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into bear valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains ."
23332:"time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives ."
23561:"again , i at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication , and i quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak , with such utter conviction , of an opinion held by my father , now several years deceased ."
23614:"in all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence ."
23925:"one is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there , left for our century to finish ."
24581:"instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , miss schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside ."
25200:"when different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. ."
25301:"with meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy u.s. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says dr. keys , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease ."
25336:"and then i remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to rome i had heard her boast , over and over again , `` on the boat people liked me for myself '' ."
25547:"more and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to tillie's and nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies ."
25676:"these amendments to the vocational rehabilitation act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness ."
25907:"this isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in america cannot chin themselves once , and that english school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ) ."
26129:"erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion ."
26145:"my father went as a missionary to china in a generation that responded to student volunteer movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them ."
26370:"previous presentations have been on french , spanish , russian , italian , german and japanese ."
27153:"-- billy gardner's line double , which just eluded the diving minnie minoso in left field , drove in jim lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the minnesota twins a 6-5 victory over the chicago white sox monday ."
27733:"they love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball ."
27776:"for the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read bartleby the scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else ."
27905:"or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period ."
28677:"in their very first collages , braque and picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface ."
28711:"initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites ."
29017:"in reply , deputy police commissioner howard r. leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees ."
30107:"that is , if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him , the total experimental score falls ."
30491:"these plans , like du pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on du pont's general motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du pont , christiana , and delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised ."
32266:"that is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures ."
34104:"probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months ."
34685:"then he called in his friend walton and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the president ."
35215:"that is , there was no trace of anglo-saxons in britain as early as the late third century , to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the saxon shore forts was beginning to point ."
35858:"jones relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the confederate army , while jones and his raiders turned toward buckhannon to join forces with imboden ."
36142:"it is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the national association of real estate boards ( nareb ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure ."
40800:"ritter , the builder , is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and meters ."
41006:"she stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for lucretia to come with her guests ."
41061:"no matter how many americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home ."
41070:"and if you're as flat broke as i am , i think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' ."
42145:"too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` hey lookit mr. america ; ;"
42165:"or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to starkey poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` i think i'm pregnant '' ."
44572:"it was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room , paint in the painting room , play with blocks in the block house , and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time ."
45218:"`` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have subscribed to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the hon'ble general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , praying for an act incorporating into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at malden bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and required '' ."
45982:"`` well , i might not get that far '' , i told them , `` as actually i have no papers to enter germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to france once i leave '' ."
46110:"by the time felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats ."
46415:"bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , pamela could no longer be positive of her direction ."
46689:"these forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers ."
46963:"that fall he submitted to professor baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home ."
47211:"mr. nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our department of state , and an american president observes sourly that sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' ."
47408:"it is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from $.80 to $.90 for the equivalent of a united states gallon and while you might prefer a familiar ford , chevrolet or even a cadillac , which are available in some countries , it is probably wiser to choose the smaller european makes which average thirty , thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon ."
48219:"time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious ."
48281:"by that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces ."
49544:"when i first came across samuel johnson's pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths ."
49728:"and the automobiles that stream out of hanover each weekend , toward smith and wellesley and mount holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving cambridge or west philadelphia ."
50842:"brevet major general george armstrong custer was the regiment's first permanent commander and , like such generals as george s. patton and terry de la mesa allen in their rise to military prominence , custer was a believer in blood and guts warfare ."
51148:"but if the trial did not expose the special nazi mania so deadly to jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-semitism of which the nazis made such effective use in germany and wherever else they could find it ."
51240:"that she was affected by his protestations seems obvious , but since she was evidently a sensible young woman -- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type -- it would seem that for her the word friendship had a far less intense emotional significance than that which thompson gave it ."
53098:"choreographed by mr. nagrin , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first new york showing of miss tamiris' `` once upon a time '' as well as her `` women's song '' and mr. nagrin's `` indeterminate figure '' ."
54842:") well , anyhow , dogtown common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only sunday picnickers still stray up there , from time to time ."
54853:"let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which general electric , westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market ."
