847:"but there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately ."
1421:"to be katharine ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign-sounding names , the ones went to the same church and -- different place , different job , different people , she'd be all different too ."
1771:"for a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of gurla mandhata and kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of assam , past the khasi hills , and into bengal , past sirinjani and madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the bay of bengal ."
2949:"but is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ?"
4420:"moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence ."
4667:"an ah coudn ansuh him an so ah said ' aw right , ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ?"
5660:"at the moment , barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search ."
6698:"moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-civil war south , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) ."
7040:"i have the honor to refer to the agricultural commodities agreement signed today between the government of the united states of america and the government of india ( hereinafter referred to as the agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , to state that the understanding of the government of the united states of america is as follows : 1 ."
8786:"in the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere ."
9503:"it is also sufficient to show the christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his conduct is just , i.e. , that , if economic pressure has to be resorted to , this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices , while , if injury fall upon others , it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily ( however inevitably ) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them ."
12194:"he paused only long enough to ascertain that jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside ."
13027:"to achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect ."
14034:"pohl and kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in american life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' ."
16666:"rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply , `` i ain't much of a hand for dare-base and farmer-in-the-dell , but i'd sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles '' ."
17286:"their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in north america ."
18113:"the new english bible ( the old testament and apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the king james version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' ."
19964:"then he launches into an attack on the tory ministers , whom he calls the `` new converts '' ; ;"
22338:"as the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , i had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate grimm's fairy tales into an understandable french as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent ."
23352:"in designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger ."
25429:"on the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them ."
26870:"and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states ."
28948:"place your power stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy clean ."
29291:"the video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen ."
30974:"`` purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' ."
32131:"in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down ."
33075:"was it supposed , perchance , that a & m ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the new england world in the post-civil war period , the immigrants having been brought in from southern europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the west ? ?"
34114:"he saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach ."
34251:"steele first answers briefly the charges which his `` dear old friend '' has made about his pamphlet on dunkirk and his crisis ."
34946:"it is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;"
35212:"`` it is as though '' , i said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which i bought ( following father coughlin and pre-empting the eddie cantor , manhattan merry-go-round and major bowes shows ) `` that man in the white house , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! !"
36106:"at two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down peony , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , moonlit beach ."
37051:"yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act ."
37691:"the kennedy hope is that , at the conference or through bilateral talks , the low-wage textile-producing countries in asia and europe will see that `` dumping '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas ."
38383:"thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year ."
38679:"most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's department of jewish affairs ."
44078:"as the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- sports illustrated tapped golf's confident arnold palmer ( time cover , may 2 ) , who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the masters and u.s. open crowns , went on to win a record $80,738 for the year ."
44871:"there is , of course , nothing new about dystopias , for they belong to a literary tradition which , including also the closely related satiric utopias , stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and swift's gulliver's travels to the twentieth century and zamiatin's we , capek's war with the newts , huxley's brave new world , e. m. forster's `` the machine stops '' , c. s. lewis's that hideous strength , and orwell's nineteen eighty-four , and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as wells's trilogy , the time machine , `` a story of the days to come '' , and when the sleeper wakes , and as recently as jack williamson's `` with folded hands '' ( 1947 ) , the classic story of men replaced by their own robots ."
47207:"arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing ( on 5 completions in 7 tosses ) and a tough defense to whip tcu , and a & m , with a 38-point bulge against texas tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950 ."
48700:"`` the dictionary of occupational titles '' published by the u. s. department of labor describes him as follows : `` designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television ."
48963:"and until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at miami beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing ."
50969:"finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7% , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14% ) ."
51282:"soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like jennie's holding her breath and pretending to black out , miranda's dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table , and various screeches , thuds , and giggles ."
51487:"at geneva in 1954 , to get the war in indo-china settled , the british and french gave in to russian and communist chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a communist state , north viet nam -- which then , predictably , became a base for communist operations against neighboring south viet nam and laos ."
51693:"but for the united states and its seato allies to attempt to shore up a less tough , less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded , road-shy , guerrilla-th'-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by pentagon planners ."
52500:"the girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries ."
53904:"thus to has light stress both in that was the conclusion that i came to and in that was the conclusion i came to ."
54364:"so we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more ."
56441:"now turn left at the via dell' arco del monte to the piazza dei pellegrini ."
