39: a friend of mine in new mexico said the court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell .
168: but before discussing it , i should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case .
372: in each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents .
385: it says that `` in the event congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the state board of education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .
403: this section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
415: `` it's quite possible there's more than codfish down there , man '' , poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for elaine .
583: finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species .
652: sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` this soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' .
1149: tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone .
1200: out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing -- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape .
1307: he expressed surprise to learn that pretty , blonde patricia holbrook , 16 , of mount rainier , had attended the joseph p. kennedy school for the handicapped in boston .
1395: when the achaeans entertained wednesday last at their annual carnival masquerade ball , miss margaret pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the muncipal auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were misses clayton nairne , eleanor eustis , lynn chapman , irwin leatherman of robinsonville , miss. and helene rowley .
1533: -- although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
1576: stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him .
1621: all the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content .
1697: this epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost selkirk ab1,040 .
1830: the new city charter , which should get a yes vote as question no. 1 on nov. 7 , would not make a good mayor out of a bad one .
1912: after a short time , both george and donald joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the brush-off reading out to work .
1923: this includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports .
1944: it was a cadillac , black grayed with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled .
1977: what that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached christianity by the way of stoicism through the church fathers of late antiquity .
2270: when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected .
2321: be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling .
2322: statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
2327: he would go in there , climb through the window , and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest .
2380: they quote about the same mass threshold as that of the u.s. apparatus , but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater .
2557: new obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 .
2966: rep. charles e. hughes of sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' .
3063: but when the situation was so complicated that even nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause .
3136: both i and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which i now am .
3326: as it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` come and get it '' .
3372: many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the so-far losing battle to block token integration .
3396: others , less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times , experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet , painter , and musician .
3710: crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the arcades , massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege .
3791: the part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` it could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;
3861: a more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' .
3916: the orioles got a run in the first inning when breeding , along with robinson , the two birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on russ snyder's single to right and crossed on kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate .
4001: otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction .
4026: that is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime white .
4077: finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next fuhrer .
4117: an aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under .
4131: it might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs .
4153: he stared at the report in killpath's hand , sure it was written by accacia -- just as sure as if he'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand .
4274: it appears possible to set a lower limit of about af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form af radical .
4413: proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over communism is but a means .
4522: the unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .
4547: on the contrary , even in the heart of `` the bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
4732: a volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as i remained at the bridge .
4841: that done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant .
4855: pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns .
