244: today , according to land economist homer hoyt , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's central business districts put together .
499: she had come to make her peace with the past , and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow .
646: if , in a certain part of the range , it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants , and reaches maturity at , let us guess , 18 inches longer than the others , a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet .
698: ( page 33 ) on the other hand , a little later on he says : `` since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out god's beard and the devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes .
812: if such is the case , the particles within a distance of about af of the earth will have , relative to the earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the earth .
984: the west may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that u thant represents .
1188: despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca. 450 ) influx of germans as the type of invasions .
1260: in any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
1360: another yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer : `` now i lay me down to sleep , the gray-backs o'er my body creep ; ;
1459: no , they could kill him just as easy right now .
1549: at the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
1805: they emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the british professional , major semple-lisle -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' .
2070: command's new brahms second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one .
2099: she felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed .
2123: sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning .
2184: graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight , wiry frame , he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college , to which he himself referred in prolusion 6 : :
2250: kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him .
2370: to the average american , this must sound like an incredible tale from a saturday night tv movie .
2444: on delving deeper , walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' .
2458: my man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the swim and tan motel .
2653: hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; ;
2707: i don't even own the house i'm standing in .
2754: only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind .
2757: first of all , as we had surmised , the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( af ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools .
2851: one means to help the birds occurs to me : let the chimes that ring over washington square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one .
2852: `` neither better nor worse '' .
3090: maclean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions .
3100: the panel's action depends on the return of representative james w. trimble , democrat of arkansas , who has been siding with speaker sam rayburn's forces in the rules committee in moving bills to the floor .
3143: it was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there .
3281: the music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within .
3567: a unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command congressional support .
4005: all this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it .
4090: the jury asked judge cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter .
4140: joyce went on , `` when we'd finished , lou -- mr. thor -- asked me to stay a little longer .
4401: a process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long .
4665: in six years , u.s. aid had amounted to more than $1.60 for each american -- a total of three hundred million dollars .
