743: the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air i breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic .
1026: a quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old new amsterdam theater , n.y. .
1261: but the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the state exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
1371: in the steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in i looked up the number and i looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second .
1411: milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand .
1870: all this remembering took place the other night when i had supper with the ziegfeld girls at the beverly hills club .
1880: this behavior on her part subsided only after i had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if i owned her room .
2506: going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .
2745: place clay piece a inside ; ;
3127: there his vote , along with those of chairman howard smith , the courtly virginia judge , and the four republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the rayburn-johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) .
3325: as for coming back here -- well , i'll tell you the truth , i didn't even know where i was when i came to .
3836: during early childhood boys tease and bully , on the average , more than girls ; ;
