1771: for a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of gurla mandhata and kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of assam , past the khasi hills , and into bengal , past sirinjani and madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the bay of bengal .
4420: moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
5660: at the moment , barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search .
7040: i have the honor to refer to the agricultural commodities agreement signed today between the government of the united states of america and the government of india ( hereinafter referred to as the agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , to state that the understanding of the government of the united states of america is as follows : 1 .
14034: pohl and kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in american life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .
16666: rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply , `` i ain't much of a hand for dare-base and farmer-in-the-dell , but i'd sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles '' .
19964: then he launches into an attack on the tory ministers , whom he calls the `` new converts '' ; ;
25429: on the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them .
30974: `` purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' .
32131: in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
34251: steele first answers briefly the charges which his `` dear old friend '' has made about his pamphlet on dunkirk and his crisis .
34946: it is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;
37051: yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
37691: the kennedy hope is that , at the conference or through bilateral talks , the low-wage textile-producing countries in asia and europe will see that `` dumping '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas .
48963: and until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at miami beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing .
50969: finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7% , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14% ) .
