847: but there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately .
6698: moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-civil war south , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .
8786: in the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere .
12194: he paused only long enough to ascertain that jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside .
13027: to achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect .
17286: their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in north america .
23352: in designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger .
26870: and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .
28948: place your power stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy clean .
33075: was it supposed , perchance , that a & m ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the new england world in the post-civil war period , the immigrants having been brought in from southern europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the west ? ?
44871: there is , of course , nothing new about dystopias , for they belong to a literary tradition which , including also the closely related satiric utopias , stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and swift's gulliver's travels to the twentieth century and zamiatin's we , capek's war with the newts , huxley's brave new world , e. m. forster's `` the machine stops '' , c. s. lewis's that hideous strength , and orwell's nineteen eighty-four , and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as wells's trilogy , the time machine , `` a story of the days to come '' , and when the sleeper wakes , and as recently as jack williamson's `` with folded hands '' ( 1947 ) , the classic story of men replaced by their own robots .
