2949: but is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ?
9503: it is also sufficient to show the christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his conduct is just , i.e. , that , if economic pressure has to be resorted to , this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices , while , if injury fall upon others , it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily ( however inevitably ) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them .
18113: the new english bible ( the old testament and apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the king james version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' .
35212: `` it is as though '' , i said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which i bought ( following father coughlin and pre-empting the eddie cantor , manhattan merry-go-round and major bowes shows ) `` that man in the white house , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! !
36106: at two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down peony , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , moonlit beach .
38679: most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's department of jewish affairs .
47207: arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing ( on 5 completions in 7 tosses ) and a tough defense to whip tcu , and a & m , with a 38-point bulge against texas tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950 .
51693: but for the united states and its seato allies to attempt to shore up a less tough , less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded , road-shy , guerrilla-th'-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by pentagon planners .
52500: the girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries .
