0: stars for marriage
1: during the first pass of phase 3 , , references to the actual addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is updated .
3: books are not the only resource of the system .
5: during the hottest part of the day , of course , the sun comes straight down and there isn't any shade '' .
6: however , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if bonner had manpower available for the purpose .
7: but there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's mind in even a cracked mirror .
8: well-wishers around the world hoped that the congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations .
10: eugenia sighed .
11: ( 3 )
15: ''
16: `` a bullet '' , she answered .
19: the war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts .
20: under this plan both cranston and providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods .
22: she did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old titus , who must have been in his nineties when henrietta ran away .
23: he generally heard freddy's suggestions without interest , being absorbed by his own prospering concerns .
25: the valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets .
28: they killed big charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago .
30: mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
31: in the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law .
32: part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road .
33: nate '' ! !
34: the crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions ; ;
35: if desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .
37: what are the relevant data ? ?
40: we attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; ;
42: she might like to take him to st. peter's .
44: they had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said .
46: in addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated air force medical bulletin .
49: he was determined to spend an industrious summer .
50: ( however , there is little evidence that the late lumumba was a communist .
51: take augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ?
52: there's only one way they can get out now and that's through the gap -- if we ride hard we can take them '' .
54: a daughter , mrs. sidney s. stein jr. , dorenzo , calif. ; ;
55: some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids .
56: and shelby carlson , cleveland .
57: in plato's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
61: historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the seventeen nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. limited government , with hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and jefferson and madison upholding the latter position .
64: you'll find an old transit in the basement .
65: for this change is not a change from one positive position to another , but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation .
71: as their interpreter and guide , he had broken with tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world .
73: strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements .
76: there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
77: only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon .
78: shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result .
80: .
83: morse could have returned openly while bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied .
86: conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : the civil law is concerned with public crimes .
87: when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way .
88: but the stranger was nimbler still .
91: `` on the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ;
92: in other words its existence belongs to the period of roman britain .
93: it took some time to locate horn .
94: forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the appendix .
97: marquet held my briefcase ; ;
98: when we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar .
101: but he was convinced that the realities of power -- military , economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting .
102: he didn't have to be told his son looked like him .
104: in presenting it to other governments and to the united nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the united nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee .
105: `` as my wife puts it '' , he said , again with a twinkle in his eyes , `` all you know is your music .
107: they have not been friendly for years '' .
108: gun knew it was car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the city jail .
110: corollary .
111: and they had told their mother about the tumbles .
112: new machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of western leaders proposed by sir anthony eden would serve a useful purpose .
113: `` don't '' .
114: `` if they are here , then surely i have the right to be here '' , rousseau said .
116: transylvania symphony conductor pfohl said yesterday that mrs. kennedy's social secretary , letitia baldrige , told about plans for white house youth concerts before the national symphony orchestra league in philadelphia last spring .
117: his broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him .
122: cousin emma and cousin elec , brother and sister -- unmarried , devoted , aging -- had lived next door to the stubblefields in tuxapoka from time immemorial until the stubblefields had moved to montgomery fifteen years ago .
123: is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?
125: at a nod from songau , four lithe and muscular girls darted to frayne's side and seized him by the arms .
126: i was delighted with paula prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
127: `` listen , i never had a chance to kill an antelope .
129: he had taken out first papers for american citizenship ; ;
130: the business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms .
134: the decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in august of 1958 .
135: mental telepathy ? ?
137: this mother is quite correct .
138: both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways .
139: `` what difference does your batting average make ? ?
140: in the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves .
141: a review of these policies indicates : ( 1 )
142: in the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen .
149: fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material .
150: the blue rug was suspiciously bright and new .
151: pumblechook's `` signature '' is the perpetually extended glad hand .
152: henry stormed into giffen's office waving a copy of the new orleans courier , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` ears of the people on the plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' .
153: west germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on berlin and unification , with a coalition government .
154: 2.1 observations
157: the women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful .
159: the faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds .
161: he dumped me in solitary twice '' .
162: just listening to him made me feel intelligent .
164: even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like .
