58: in medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .
59: but curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country .
69: `` you are looking tired and there you can rest .
70: this , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : the 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , george herman ( babe ) ruth of the yankees .
75: it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
84: let's make sure first '' .
85: he was wide awake , but he did not feel like doing anything .
109: these would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes .
128: the lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- thayer , like himself , madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to .
178: and one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up .
199: for larger plantings , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating .
220: harold clurman is right to say that `` waiting for godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the impasse and disarray of europe's present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' .
275: the aid has undertaken the redecoration of the white house library as a project in connection with the work being done by first lady jacqueline kennedy's fine arts advisory committee to secure antiques for the presidential home .
277: there is no justification for systematizing the random statements of irenaeus about the image of god beyond this , nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of god ( humanity ) and the similitude of god ( immortality ) .
301: pat saw gyp carmer staggering forward , a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike .
303: it might be rough on edythe at first , but linda and john between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her , to send her back to cleveland or anywhere .
304: whether in prose or poetry , all of heidenstam's later work was concerned with sweden .
338: houston police got to know diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring .
347: it won't open from inside .
351: perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks .
354: he looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the tate gallery on a thursday once .
369: her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong .
390: i started my tour of them at the turkish government tourist office , next to pan american's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the hilton hotel .
401: he didn't have to telephone .
431: beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot state share , with maximum and minimum state shares of 50% and 30% , respectively .
433: it would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put .
510: he should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements .
515: an excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone : `` doctor , please come over right away .
527: thanks '' , was her answer the next day .
533: it takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the new year , for any good purpose .
551: it had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar .
553: by relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone .
564: palmer's 281 for the four rounds at augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with coe .
596: to find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery .
605: he went on to say : `` in the first place , industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of foundering municipalities .
618: ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities .
635: the statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life .
671: we would all meet at ten o'clock at the kehl bridge , five miles from strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into germany .
725: determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
753: the opening scene shows this method at its most individual .
754: more than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis .
758: the data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-c which contain no adsorbed water .
763: this use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 .
771: these cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring .
800: the reason was to speed up domestic production in the ussr , which khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in russian living standards .
802: except that no state shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% .
805: while 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and jimmy cruise has several that can really make it .
831: i didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful .
846: `` the human ego being what it is '' , i put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats .
852: you want from me the story , but a story is about ' why ' and then , perhaps , about how .
882: and the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive , even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music .
883: in the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale .
912: the existing reverence for centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century b.c. , when the han emperor wu ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the center among the traditional five directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
920: he believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there .
946: while i respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that i would like to question .
952: she was then trained on the trot until december 29 , hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again .
968: daniel forbes , her divorced husband , lived there .
1001: canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the nato locomotive .
1002: the ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm .
1034: carl , who was stationed in appleton , wisconsin , organizing for the social democrats , was in berger's office and made it his business to escort paula to the streetcar .
1040: her mother called her paus'l , a luxemburg endearment meaning `` pussycat '' .
1118: you can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation .
1159: the activities of the planning division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the development council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning .
1170: the skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which , jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the angel's life and religion .
1184: it is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed .
