24: and he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better .
95: it has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .
165: neither did he care that aunt rose provided for him .
209: not that linda was heartless , not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than john cooper would .
213: pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on seven -- he'd had a case of post-operative shock , but it was all taken care of now .
223: `` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- i coulda let her go go '' -- his eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;
329: i must have written to say how much i had enjoyed his fine book the building of eternal rome , and i found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later latin poets , although in my final examination i had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of propertius and coleridge .
394: amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her .
404: from l'turu , i heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations .
419: what is new and compelling is that the west is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the west .
421: promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance .
458: the outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer .
464: it is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the negro .
498: `` no divinity will hold still for that .
522: modern westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material , largely because in the west the historical trend has been to deny the connection .
544: by themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet , but without them there would be very little left worth saving .
560: alison was still sound asleep ; ;
748: again , henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a stoic thinker like marcus aurelius , whose gentle acquiescence is almost christian , comparable to the patience expressed in milton's sonnet on his own blindness .
772: this will be more or less our general method for the second problem .
833: my father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year .
836: thus burns's `` my love is like a red , red rose '' and hopkins' `` the thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned .
924: the functional interplay of philosophy and science should , as a minimum , guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making .
1027: because , if for no other reason , willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs .
1048: after well broken and equipped with 12-oz. shoes on behind , bare-footed in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , delvin , driving .
1073: the college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication , even informal debates over the luncheon table , are a contribution to the total good of the institution .
1148: there i got off , crossed the square , and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant , hard to come by in this part of the city .
1168: it is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs , and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green , black-tipped little scale .
