0: stars for marriage
1: during the first pass of phase 3 , , references to the actual addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is updated .
3: books are not the only resource of the system .
5: during the hottest part of the day , of course , the sun comes straight down and there isn't any shade '' .
6: however , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if bonner had manpower available for the purpose .
7: but there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's mind in even a cracked mirror .
8: well-wishers around the world hoped that the congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations .
10: eugenia sighed .
11: ( 3 )
14: mahzeer's office '' .
15: ''
16: `` a bullet '' , she answered .
19: the war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts .
20: under this plan both cranston and providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods .
22: she did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old titus , who must have been in his nineties when henrietta ran away .
23: he generally heard freddy's suggestions without interest , being absorbed by his own prospering concerns .
25: the valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets .
28: they killed big charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago .
30: mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
31: in the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law .
32: part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road .
33: nate '' ! !
34: the crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions ; ;
35: if desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .
37: what are the relevant data ? ?
40: we attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; ;
42: she might like to take him to st. peter's .
44: they had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said .
46: in addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated air force medical bulletin .
49: he was determined to spend an industrious summer .
50: ( however , there is little evidence that the late lumumba was a communist .
51: take augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ?
52: there's only one way they can get out now and that's through the gap -- if we ride hard we can take them '' .
54: a daughter , mrs. sidney s. stein jr. , dorenzo , calif. ; ;
55: some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids .
56: and shelby carlson , cleveland .
57: in plato's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
61: historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the seventeen nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. limited government , with hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and jefferson and madison upholding the latter position .
64: you'll find an old transit in the basement .
65: for this change is not a change from one positive position to another , but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation .
70: this , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : the 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , george herman ( babe ) ruth of the yankees .
71: as their interpreter and guide , he had broken with tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world .
73: strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements .
76: there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
77: only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon .
78: shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result .
80: .
83: morse could have returned openly while bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied .
85: he was wide awake , but he did not feel like doing anything .
86: conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : the civil law is concerned with public crimes .
87: when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way .
88: but the stranger was nimbler still .
91: `` on the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ;
92: in other words its existence belongs to the period of roman britain .
93: it took some time to locate horn .
94: forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the appendix .
97: marquet held my briefcase ; ;
98: when we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar .
101: but he was convinced that the realities of power -- military , economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting .
102: he didn't have to be told his son looked like him .
104: in presenting it to other governments and to the united nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the united nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee .
105: `` as my wife puts it '' , he said , again with a twinkle in his eyes , `` all you know is your music .
107: they have not been friendly for years '' .
108: gun knew it was car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the city jail .
110: corollary .
111: and they had told their mother about the tumbles .
112: new machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of western leaders proposed by sir anthony eden would serve a useful purpose .
113: `` don't '' .
114: `` if they are here , then surely i have the right to be here '' , rousseau said .
115: colorful , bright eastman chromspun fabrics , with the magenta , pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with composite .
116: transylvania symphony conductor pfohl said yesterday that mrs. kennedy's social secretary , letitia baldrige , told about plans for white house youth concerts before the national symphony orchestra league in philadelphia last spring .
117: his broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him .
121: product research and development
122: cousin emma and cousin elec , brother and sister -- unmarried , devoted , aging -- had lived next door to the stubblefields in tuxapoka from time immemorial until the stubblefields had moved to montgomery fifteen years ago .
123: is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?
125: at a nod from songau , four lithe and muscular girls darted to frayne's side and seized him by the arms .
126: i was delighted with paula prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
127: `` listen , i never had a chance to kill an antelope .
129: he had taken out first papers for american citizenship ; ;
130: the business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms .
131: the police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens , criminals and those punished for protectorate activities .
134: the decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in august of 1958 .
135: mental telepathy ? ?
137: this mother is quite correct .
138: both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways .
139: `` what difference does your batting average make ? ?
140: in the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves .
141: a review of these policies indicates : ( 1 )
142: in the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen .
149: fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material .
150: the blue rug was suspiciously bright and new .
151: pumblechook's `` signature '' is the perpetually extended glad hand .
152: henry stormed into giffen's office waving a copy of the new orleans courier , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` ears of the people on the plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' .
153: west germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on berlin and unification , with a coalition government .
154: 2.1 observations
156: when the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by sen. george parkhouse of dallas .
157: the women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful .
158: at juice bars in los angeles' 35 `` health '' stores , a new sensation is a pink , high-protein cocktail , concocted of dried eggs , powdered milk and cherry-flavored no-cal , which sells for 59-cents per 8-oz. glass .
159: the faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds .
161: he dumped me in solitary twice '' .
162: just listening to him made me feel intelligent .
164: even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like .
166: in laos , the administration looked at the eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into southeast asian waters as a useless gesture .
167: however , the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation .
170: `` why on earth did i send him off to work ? ?
172: `` how do you do '' ? ?
173: the stanford achievement test , form j , was administered by classroom teachers , consisting of a battery of six sub-tests : paragraph meaning , word meaning , spelling , language , arithmetic computation , and arithmetic reasoning .
174: boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas .
175: when kitti was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life .
180: but let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic .
181: who loved her .
182: i suffer from mixed feelings .
184: i made you a man '' .
185: she did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks .
186: my head was clear .
187: he felt intense satisfaction .
188: de revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and techniques .
189: `` i think you aren't taking me seriously , phil .
190: the forthcoming season in pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest .
192: he said he had not heard of anybody else .
194: like yourselves , we have pride and love for our country .
195: he told hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics .
196: of greater importance , however , is the content of those programs , which have had and are having enormous consequences for the american people .
197: `` how do the valley people feel '' ? ?
198: you laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm .
200: this difference is readily clarified by referring to table 1 .
201: synchrony prevails in the eeg of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .
202: he had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old , always for the hearst service .
204: in the early days of a homogeneous population , the public school was quite satisfactory .
205: wright set his loss at $200,000 , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed .
207: did you ask him about the whisky '' ? ?
208: dynafac .
211: competition from other steamship lines has cut cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the atlantic run .
215: the koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire .
217: william parsons and william walford , drapers , asked quiney to see to business matters in london .
218: he hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp .
219: one screeched .
221: )
222: simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the distilled spirits institute and of radio and tv stations that are not members of the nab tends to spread .
224: there is also the question of whether the respondent based his answers on factual information and carefully considered judgment , or whether his answers were casual guesses .
225: the dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear .
226: further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 .
228: he was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it , while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other .
230: he looked at the lined face with vague interest ; ;
231: same date , johnny lasalle trio to the jolly roger .
233: geocentricism per se ? ?
235: at this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo .
237: his mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit .
239: the military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned .
241: any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass .
242: but with the convening of the new congress , he was the public man again , presiding over the senate until john kennedy's inauguration .
243: art lund , a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice , impersonates enright .
245: shorter booking , but still a booking .
246: members of the algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the publications board .
247: we moved decisively to effect an anti-communist coup d'etat .
250: on march 21 , 1957 , however , the department recommended approval of the 1-a classification .
251: once , andrus walked by it , hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by duane bosch , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` we a buncha national celebrities '' .
252: miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch .
253: herr wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director , and is a young man with a clear flair for the podium .
255: -- a southeast library workshop will be held here oct. 9 , conducted by mrs. gretchen schenk of summerdale , ala. , author , lecturer and library leader .
257: then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear .
258: `` a year , luis ? ?
260: gamecock ( tar heel-terka hanover ) is another promising colt , and his best time is 2:32.2 .
262: reports jim lendrum : `` by studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three .
264: from fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-september to june .
265: mme vienot , considerably younger and very different .
266: the first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty , by outside consultants , or by a combination of the two .
271: the frenchman was astonished .
272: without looking at him , without looking at anything except drexel street directly in front of her , she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars , rode away in it , and never came back .
273: 7 .
278: 6 .
279: index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways .
280: rouben ter-arutunian , in his stage settings , often uses the scrim curtain behind which mr. cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow .
282: `` you're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ?
283: this co-operation has emboldened other southern whites to add their voices to demands for peaceable accommodation .
287: following day was woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of brown's attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of brown's character , and his opposition to slavery .
289: he had a small mouth with deep furrows on either side , a large flat nose , and penetrating blue eyes .
291: the game opened a busy week for washington .
293: to me , the explanation is very simple .
294: for added strength , i also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint .
295: they even pay me six dollars a month .
296: shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel .
297: `` get it out '' , brannon ordered .
298: the brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze .
